<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html><!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/maintemplate.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<!-- DW6 -->
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" -->
<title>Brown University Gilbert &amp; Sullivan</title>
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" --><!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<link href="../../BUGSstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"></head>
<body> 
<div id="masthead"> 
  <a href="../../index.htm"><img src="../../images/bugsbanner2.png" border="0"></a> 
  <div id="globalNav"> 
    <a href="../../about.htm">About BUGS </a> 
    | <a href="../../productions/2009-iolanthe/index.htm">Current Production </a> 
    | <a href="../../productions/index.htm">Past Productions </a> 
    | <a href="../../board.htm">Officers</a> 
    | <a href="../../join.htm">Join BUGS </a> 
    | <a href="../../contact.htm">Contact</a> 
    | <a href="../../constitution/index.htm">Constitution</a>
    | <a href="../../members/index.htm">Board Member Login</a></div>
  <h2 id="pageName"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Page Title" -->DOC Meeting Minutes <!-- InstanceEndEditable --></h2> 
  <div id="breadCrumb"> 
  <a href="../../index.htm">BUGS</a> /<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Nav" --><a href="../index.htm">News</a> / <a href="index.htm">Minutes</a> / 4-19-06<!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div> 
</div> 
<div id="navBar"> 
  <div id="sectionLinks"> 
    <h3>Productions</h3> 
    <ul>
    	<li><a href="../../productions/2009-iolanthe/index.htm"><strong>Spring '09: Iolanthe</strong></a></li>
   	  <li><a href="../../productions/2008-patience/index.htm">Fall '08: Patience</a></li>
      	<li><a href="../../productions/2008-mikado/index.htm">Spring '08: Mikado</a></li>
      	<li><a href="../../productions/2007-yeomen/index.htm">Fall '07: Yeomen</a></li>
      	<li><a href="../../productions/2007-pinafore/index.htm">Spring '07: H.M.S. Pinafore</a></li>
      	<li><a href="../../productions/2006-ruddigore/2006-ruddigore.htm">Fall '06: Ruddigore </a></li> 
	  	<li><em><a href="../../productions/index.htm">more...</a></em></li>
    </ul> 
  </div> 
   <div id="sectionLinks"> 
    <h3>Other  Events </h3> 
    <ul> 
      <li><a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in09/index.htm"><strong>Sing-In '09</strong></a></li>
      <li><a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in08/index.htm">Sing-In '08</a></li>
	  <li><a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in07/index.htm">Sing-In '07</a></li>
	  <li><a href="../../events/patterathon/patterathon06/patterathon06.htm">Patter-a-Thon '06</a></li>
	  <li><a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in06/index.htm">Sing-In '06</a></li>
      <li><a href="../../events/patterathon/patterathon05/patterathon05.htm">Patter-a-Thon '05</a></li>
     </ul> 
  </div> 
  <div class="relatedLinks"> 
    <h3>Brown Groups </h3> 
    <ul> 
      <li><a href="http://www.brown.edu/Students/Brown_Opera_Productions/">Opera Productions </a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://pw.students.brown.edu/">Production Workshop </a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://mf.students.brown.edu/">Musical Forum</a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.brown.edu/Facilities/Theatre/">Theatre Department </a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.brown.edu/Departments/Music/">Music Department </a></li> 
    </ul> 
  </div> 
  <div class="relatedLinks"> 
    <h3>Other Local G&amp;S </h3> 
    <ul> 
      <li><a href="http://negass.org/">NEGASS</a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://hcs.harvard.edu/%7Ehrgsp/">Harvard-Radcliffe</a></li>
      <li><a href="http://web.mit.edu/gsp">MIT</a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.vlo.org/">Valley Light Opera</a> </li>
      <li><a href="http://thespienne.home.att.net/">Connecticut G&S Society</a> </li>
    </ul> 
  </div> 
 <div class="relatedLinks"> 
    <h3>G&amp;S Online </h3> 
    <ul> 
      <li><a href="http://math.boisestate.edu/gas/">G &amp; S Archive </a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.gs-festival.co.uk/">International Festival </a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.cris.com/%7Eoakapple/savoynet/">Savoynet</a></li> 
      <li><a href="http://www.cris.com/%7Eoakapple/gasdisc/">G&amp;S Discography</a></li> 
    </ul> 
  </div> 
</div> 
<!--end navBar div --> 
<div id="headlines"> 
  <h3>Next Meeting: </h3>
  <p>TBA</p>
  <h3>BUGS News</h3>
  <p>3/8/09: Ticket reservations for Iolanthe are now open! Click <a href="../../reservations/index.htm">here</a> to reserve a ticket.</p>
  <p>1/29/08: BUGS' fourth annual <a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in09/index.htm">sing-in</a> is coming up. For more information and to request a role, click <a href="../../events/sing-in/sing-in09/index.htm">here</a>.</p>
  <p>1/17/08: Auditions are coming up for the BUGS spring production of Iolanthe, directed by Alex Hills and Katie Meyer, with musical direction by Matthew Jaroszewicz.<br>
    For more information, click <a href="../../productions/2009-iolanthe/index.htm">here</a></p>
  <p>11/24/08: Director <a href="../../reservations/directorapp.htm">applications</a> for next semester's production of Iolanthe are now open. Click <a href="../../reservations/directorapp.htm">here</a> to apply!</p>
  <p>9/10/08: Auditions for the fall production of Patience are this Saturday and Monday! Click <a href="../../productions/2008-patience/index.htm">here</a> for more information.</p>
  <p>5/5/08: Director's applications are now closed. The fall production will be Patience, directed by Peter Hatch!</p>
  <p>4/3/08: Director's applications for the fall production are now open! Click <a href="../../reservations/directorapp.htm">here</a> to apply.</p>
  <p><a href="../index.htm">News Archives</a> </p>
</div> 
<!--end headlines -->
<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Content" -->
<div id="content">  <div class="feature">
      <h3>4-19-06 Board Meeting </h3>
      <p>Present: Lord Chancellor, Ward in Chancery, First Lord of the Admiralty, Grand Inquisitor, Pirate King, Queen of the Faeries, and Sorcerer </p>
      <p>Also Attending: Alastair Trueger </p>
      <p>Guests: Peter, Michelle</p>
      <p>-President's Report </p>
    <ul>
        <li>3 stage managers, 1 technical director, 1 choreographer </li>
        <ul>
          <li>we'll see about who's who later </li>
        </ul>
        <li>we need a musical director! </li>
      <ul>
        <li>but we don't have a show. </li>
        <li>Kate: poster stuff - Alastair will do same </li>
        <li>Alastair suggests we talk to faculty about who to select </li>
        <li>Jes: has a list and will email some of them</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Nick will find out about RISD listservs for designers </li>
	  <ul>
	  	<li>2 emails, design and directors </li>
	  </ul>
	  <li>Jes suggests individual attention for directors</li>
	  <li>facebook/jolt for directors - IPTV/Ratty as well?</li>
	  	<ul>
			<li>Alastair can do it</li>
			<li>Nick will talk to Melissa</li>
		</ul>
		<li> "show of last resort" - Jes directs <em>Ruddigore </em></li>
    	<ul><li> do we send out musical director emails, etc? -&gt; not until after May 1 </li></ul>
    	<li> Jordan Elkind might direct instead of Jes? -&gt; lotta ifs </li>
    	<li> Jason as music director? </li>
    	<ul><li> Sam Baltimore </li></ul>
    	<li> no meeting May 3 rd - change general body meeting </li>
    	<li> meeting May 1 st , night (9PM) - look at applications </li>
    	<li> more ideas about directors </li>
    	<ul><li> talk to Jason Smoller </li></ul>
   		<ul><li> Malka as assistant director? - maybe </li></ul>
    	<li> costumes? Amandeep, Malka &amp; one other ADPhi right now. </li>
    	<ul><li> someone needs to make a poster and put in Stuart's costume shop </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Kate will do the poster soonish - "pully bits" </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> check that - Alastair will do it </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> email Blair Nelsen about [pw-tech] list &lt;- Alyssa </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Alastair can get images from Google search Rice G&amp;S page </li></ul>
    	<li> pw website - look up directors, send them emails - Alyssa </li>
    	<ul><li> Nick - email Alyssa about that stuff </li></ul>
    	<li> we'll talk about musical directors next meeting </li>
    	<li> Alyssa will do the same for PMs and other production staff as for directors </li>
    	<li> Martha can help poster </li>
    	<li> next Friday will be Community Music Works - "income good" </li>
    	<li> May 1 st or later we can move stuff into TF Green </li>
    	<li> $15.25 for tableslips in advance </li>
    	<ul><li> get 'em to Alyssa 7 days in advance for free </li></ul>
    	<li> Kate: "how long are the meetings?"; Alyssa: "usually they involve alcohol."; Kate: "I can remember that" </li>
    	<li> Jonathan needs to get in contact with Amandeep </li>
    	<li> cast party Saturday - probably at 8 </li>
    	<ul><li> Martha needs $5 from everyone so she doesn't go completely broke </li></ul>
    	<li> Nick needs to email Miriam - why hasn't she come to meetings? </li>
    	<li> Peter might be able to email the orchestra about musical directors - or maybe not </li>
    	<li> Peter: "I thought you were just going to ask me to be in charge of talking" </li>
    	<li> potential music directors (even more) </li>
    	<ul><li> John Russ - Jes will ask him </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Frank and people in his conduction class - Jes as well </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Drew Parker - Jes/Peter </li></ul>
	</ul>
    <p>-Alyssa's Report </p>
	<ul>
    	<li> Amandeep should still be able to get admin access </li>
    	<li> making Brown letterhead - Alyssa will track down how to do it </li>
    	<ul><li> send to Kate </li></ul>
    	<li> Alyssa's project - get free stuff!!! </li>
    	<ul><li> one seed company </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> ____ footwear - Alyssa will look into it </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Walmart - $200 if you have the balls to ask - "that's worth going to multiple Walmart stores" </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Home Depot? </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> put their names in the programs </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> Michelle has logo for letterhead </li></ul>
    	<ul><li> deadline for letterhead - June 15 </li></ul>
	</ul>
    	<p>-Nick's Report </p>
	<ul>
    	<li> Peter will look into Orchestra dates </li>
    	<li> shows will be two weekends - Friday, Saturday, then Friday, Saturday, &amp; Sunday </li>
    	<ul><li> "double the working, double the drinking" - Alyssa </li></ul>
    	<li> the general body meeting will be moved to May 4 @ 8:30 </li>
    </ul>

</div>
</div>
<!--end content -->
<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
<div id="siteInfo">  
  <p><a href="http://www.brown.edu">Brown University </a> |<a href="http://www.brown.edu/Facilities/Facilities_Management/maps.php"> Campus Maps </a>  | <a href="#"></a><a href="http://www.brown.edu/Administration/Student_Activities/">Student Activities Office </a> | <a href="#"></a><a href="../../webcontact/webcontact.htm">Website Suggestions? </a> | <a href="../../contact.htm">Contact BUGS </a> | &copy;2006
    BUGS | Last updated:
	<!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="Date" -->
	<!-- #BeginDate format:Ge1 -->27.11.2006<!-- #EndDate -->
	<!--end date -->
	<!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</div> 
<br> 
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>
